alright we're looking at the p55 GD 85
from MSI very nice p55 chipset
motherboard as a matter of fact it's not
really the flagship of MSI's p55 chipset
family motherboards but it's sort of is
because the only that's above it is this
guy which is the Big Bang fusion and
this thing costs a lot more money and
has features that a lot of people
wouldn't really want to pay extra for
its cool but this has some features that
even this motherboard does not have and
they're probably little more important
than having the Lucid hydra chip because
this comes with USB 3.0 and SATA 6 or
SATA 3 side of 6 gigabit per second so
there's some pretty new options that are
very future proof if you're going to be
using this motherboard for the next two
to three years those are something that
you definitely want to get inside of
your motherboard so let's take you for a
little tour we're going to start off
with the chip as always socket 1156 it's
going to take your core i3 or i5 s and
your i7s that use that socket eight plus
two phase pulse width modulation so you
have eight phases for the cpu two for
the memory that's good for overclocking
you have dims as far as dims goes you
have four it will take up to 16
gigabytes of ddr3 memory take up the
1333 mega native and up to 21 33 with
overclocking which is pretty impressive
SATA ports on here are incredible check
this out you have six SATA ports right
here these are connected to the p55
chipset so these are going to give you
raid 0 1 0 plus 15 and jbod or just a
bunch of disks these two white ones over
here though these are connected to the
marvel six gigabit per second chip so
these are going to give you that full
blown 6 gigabit per second speed very
very fast you're going to see a lot of
new SSD the lawn you hard drives using
this interface and they will give you a
big speed improvement once the SSDs go
faster than the SATA 2 interface will
allow also write down here you have
another SATA port this was actually
connected to aj microcontroller which
also controls the parallel port and the
e sat on the back while we're down here
all the notice you have these easy
buttons power reset and then plus and
minus for your base clock so you can
overclock from right down here without
having to do any work these are pretty
cool just be careful when you're
lowering the base clock you might
accidentally hit reset you also have the
OC Genie button which is basically going
to overclock your computer for you in
about one second automatically it's
going to figure out to my memory you
have lots of a processor and it's going
to give you a pretty good overclock I've
seen up to 3.6 Giga heard of our clocks
with just a push of the button in less
than a second so a pretty nice as far as
performance is concerned now let's talk
a little bit about PCI Express slots
because there's a few on here first of
all as far as PCI Express x16 2.0 slots
go you have to one right here and one
right down here these are going to work
in x16 mode if you have a single card
populated or they're going to buy 4k
down to x 8 and x8 if you have two cards
you also have two PCI slots and then
down here you have two PCI Express x1
slots which are also of the 2.0
specification you also got a lot of USB
headers on this board if you need a lot
of USB connectivity you have 24 6 X
reports over here as well as having an
additional firewire header as well so
definitely if you're the type of person
that has a lot of peripherals and you
need a lot of USB 2 points this board is
right up your alley on the back you have
2 ps2 ports a clear CMOS button right
there to reset your BIOS in case you go
a little bit too far you have SPF in
both the coaxial analog and the optical
digital you have a firewire port right
appear for USB 2.0 ports this is a combo
e-sata USB 2.0 port then you have two
more USB to pull in airports dual
Gigabit Ethernet and then this is the
USB 3.1 if you don't know about that
it's called SuperSpeed USB and it is
very very very fast so lutely 10 times
faster than the old USB 2.0 here is a
480 megabit per second this is 4.8
gigabit per second very very fast and
then right over here this is your 5.1
channel HD audio that's built in and
that pretty much arounds out package for
this motherboard very very nice
motherboard lots of incredible features
basically is the top-of-the-line as far
as the p55 chipset is concerned in MSI's
line of course there are the trainer G
in the Big Bang fusion but
those are just kind of over-the-top
showpieces this is their standard
top-of-the-line motherboard and it's
very well priced for the features and
specifications that have so very very
nice it's the p55 GD 85 if you've any
questions on it feel free to email me
and I'll see you guys next time for more
information on the msi p55 GD 85
motherboard type in m 45 to 60 84 into
any major search engine